all right I thought I'd show you those
of you who haven't seen yet some of the
new cards from the Arceus set now I know
there's variations on how to pronounce
it but we're gonna call it Arceus
something kind of interesting in this
set they have an Arceus for each of the
different types so there's the dark and
the grass and fire and water
colorless electric
Sookie
fighting and metal and one thing that's
kind of neat a little bit different on
this new set sure when you line them up
they have it so that the hollow pattern
connects forms one large pattern which
is gonna need something a little
different
see the pattern there it's not kind of
cool
the other thing that's kind of
interesting about the Arceus cards is
you can play as many of them as you want
in your deck that's certainly something
that's different than the usual four
card women in Pokemon so there you have
the Arceus cards from the new set okay